---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "migadu_identities Data Source - terraform-provider-migadu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information about all identities owned by mailbox.
---

# migadu_identities (Data Source)

Get information about all identities owned by mailbox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "migadu_identities" "identities" {
  domain_name = "example.com"
  local_part  = "some-name"
}

# international domain names are supported
data "migadu_identities" "idn" {
  domain_name = "bücher.example"
  local_part  = "some-name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the mailbox/identities.
- `local_part` (String) The local part of the mailbox that owns the identities.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `local_part@domain_name`.
- `identities` (Attributes List) The configured identities for the given `domain_name` and `local_part`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identities))

<a id="nestedatt--identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identities`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The email address of the identity `identity@domain_name` as returned by the Migadu API. The Migadu API always returns the punycode version of a domain.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain of the identity.
- `footer_active` (Boolean) Whether the footer of the identity is active.
- `footer_html_body` (String) The footer of the identity in `text/html` format.
- `footer_plain_body` (String) The footer of the identity in `text/plain` format.
- `local_part` (String) The local part of the identity.
- `may_access_imap` (Boolean) Whether the identity is allowed to use IMAP.
- `may_access_manage_sieve` (Boolean) Whether the identity is allowed to manage the mail sieve.
- `may_access_pop3` (Boolean) Whether the identity is allowed to use POP3.
- `may_receive` (Boolean) Whether the identity is allowed to receive emails.
- `may_send` (Boolean) Whether the identity is allowed to send emails.
- `name` (String) The name of the identity.


