---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "migadu_mailboxes Data Source - terraform-provider-migadu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information about all mailbox of a domain.
---

# migadu_mailboxes (Data Source)

Get information about all mailbox of a domain.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "migadu_mailboxes" "mailboxes" {
  domain_name = "example.com"
}

# international domain names are supported
data "migadu_mailboxes" "idn" {
  domain_name = "bücher.example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the mailboxes.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Same value as the `domain_name` attribute.
- `mailboxes` (Attributes List) The configured mailboxes for the given `domain_name`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mailboxes))

<a id="nestedatt--mailboxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mailboxes`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The email address of the mailbox `local_part@domain_name` as returned by the Migadu API. The Migadu API always returns the punycode version of a domain.
- `auto_respond_active` (Boolean) Whether an automatic response is active in this mailbox.
- `auto_respond_body` (String) The body of the automatic response.
- `auto_respond_expires_on` (String) The expiration date of the automatic response.
- `auto_respond_subject` (String) The subject of the automatic response.
- `delegations` (Set of String) The delegations of this mailbox.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the mailbox.
- `expirable` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox expires in the future.
- `expires_on` (String) The expiration date of this mailbox.
- `footer_active` (Boolean) Whether the footer of this mailbox is active.
- `footer_html_body` (String) The footer of this mailbox in text/html format.
- `footer_plain_body` (String) The footer of this mailbox in text/plain format.
- `is_internal` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is internal only. An internal mailbox can only receive emails from Migadu servers.
- `local_part` (String) The local part of the mailbox.
- `may_access_imap` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to use IMAP.
- `may_access_manage_sieve` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to manage the mail sieve.
- `may_access_pop3` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to use POP3.
- `may_receive` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to receive emails.
- `may_send` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to send emails.
- `name` (String) The name of the mailbox.
- `password_recovery_email` (String) The recovery email address of this mailbox.
- `recipient_denylist` (Set of String) The email addresses of recipients that will always be denied delivery.
- `remove_upon_expiry` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox will be removed upon expiry.
- `sender_allowlist` (Set of String) The email addresses of senders that will always be allowed delivery.
- `sender_denylist` (Set of String) The email addresses of senders that will always be denied delivery.
- `spam_action` (String) The action to take once spam arrives in this mailbox.
- `spam_aggressiveness` (String) How aggressive will spam be detected in this mailbox.
