---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "migadu_mailbox Resource - terraform-provider-migadu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a mailbox.
---

# migadu_mailbox (Resource)

Provides a mailbox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "migadu_mailbox" "example" {
  domain_name = "example.com"
  local_part  = "some-mailbox"
  password    = "Sup3r_s3cr3T"
}

# send invitation to users and let them set password themselves
resource "migadu_mailbox" "invitation" {
  domain_name             = "example.com"
  local_part              = "some-mailbox"
  password_recovery_email = "old@address.example"
}

# international domain names are supported
resource "migadu_mailbox" "idn" {
  domain_name = "bücher.example"
  local_part  = "some-mailbox"
  password    = "Sup3r_s3cr3T"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the mailbox.
- `local_part` (String) The local part of the mailbox.

### Optional

- `auto_respond_active` (Boolean) Whether an automatic response is active in this mailbox.
- `auto_respond_body` (String) The body of the automatic response.
- `auto_respond_expires_on` (String) The expiration date of the automatic response.
- `auto_respond_subject` (String) The subject of the automatic response.
- `expirable` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox expires in the future.
- `expires_on` (String) The expiration date of this mailbox.
- `footer_active` (Boolean) Whether the footer of this mailbox is active.
- `footer_html_body` (String) The footer of this mailbox in text/html format.
- `footer_plain_body` (String) The footer of this mailbox in text/plain format.
- `is_internal` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is internal only. An internal mailbox can only receive emails from Migadu servers.
- `may_access_imap` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to use IMAP.
- `may_access_manage_sieve` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to manage the mail sieve.
- `may_access_pop3` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to use POP3.
- `may_receive` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to receive emails.
- `may_send` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox is allowed to send emails.
- `name` (String) The name of the mailbox.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of this mailbox.
- `password_recovery_email` (String) The recovery email address of this mailbox. If this is set instead of `password` an invitation to that address will be send to the user and they can set their own password.
- `recipient_denylist` (List of String) The email addresses of recipients that will always be denied delivery in unicode.
- `recipient_denylist_punycode` (List of String) The email addresses of recipients that will always be denied delivery in punycode.
- `remove_upon_expiry` (Boolean) Whether this mailbox will be removed upon expiry.
- `sender_allowlist` (List of String) The email addresses of senders that will always be allowed delivery in unicode.
- `sender_allowlist_punycode` (List of String) The email addresses of senders that will always be denied delivery in punycode.
- `sender_denylist` (List of String) The email addresses of senders that will always be denied delivery in unicode.
- `sender_denylist_punycode` (List of String) The email addresses of senders that will always be denied delivery in punycode.
- `spam_action` (String) The action to take once spam arrives in this mailbox.
- `spam_aggressiveness` (String) How aggressive will spam be detected in this mailbox.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The email address of the mailbox `local_part@domain_name` as returned by the Migadu API. This might be different from the `id` attribute in case you are using international domain names. The Migadu API always returns the punycode version of a domain.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `local_part@domain_name`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# migadu_mailbox resources can be imported by specifying the local part
# and the domain name of the alias to import.
terraform import migadu_mailbox.mailbox 'local_part@domain_name'
```
